Update _index.md (#27489)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/saml/_index.md

Administrators can set the default role for new JIT users. The default role is **Standard**, but you can choose to add new JIT users as **Read-Only**, **Administrators**, or any custom role.

<div class="alert alert-warning">

>   <strong>Important:</strong> If Role Mapping is enabled, this will take precedence over roles set in JIT provisioning. If a user is not configured to send proper Group Attribute statements, this will result in users being left with no roles and unable to access Datadog. Double-check your mapping definitions and inspect your own assertions before enabling Mappings and JIT to prevent any scenarios where your users are unable to login after being provisioned by JIT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <strong>Important:</strong> If Role Mapping is enabled, it takes priority over the roles set during JIT provisioning. Without the proper Group Attribute statements, users might end up without roles and lose access to Datadog. To prevent users from being locked out after JIT provisioning, make sure to review your mapping definitions and check your assertions before enabling both Mappings and JIT.
```
